docs/partner_editable/additional_info.adoc, before:

== Test the deployment

When you enroll a new AWS Control Tower–managed account, the deployment sets up the IAM role for {partner-product-short-name}. You can then see the new account show up in the New Relic UI.

. https://one.newrelic.com[Log in^] to your New Relic account.
. To view your AWS data, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/#insights[Introduction to AWS integrations^].

== Cleanup
If you want to deploy this Quick Start for testing or demonstration purposes, and you don’t intend to use New Relic AWS integrations any longer, follow these steps to remove the AWS CloudFormation stack.

WARNING: Deleting the {partner-product-short-name} Quick Start stack and StackSets also deletes the New Relic IAM roles deployed in your AWS accounts, which removes cross-account trust with New Relic. This Quick Start does not, however, remove account links to New Relic. To remove an account from New Relic, see the subsequent section *Uninstall the new Relic integration*. 

=== Remove the AWS CloudFormation stack

The time to complete this step depends on how many AWS accounts are included in your {partner-product-name} deployment. If deleting the AWS CloudFormation stack times out, it's safe to retry this step.

. Sign in to the https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home[AWS CloudFormation console^] in your Control Tower management account.
. To remove all of the deployed AWS resources, delete the {partner-product-name} stack. This also deletes all stack set instances, which include any IAM roles deployed for enrolled AWS accounts. 
. When the stack is deleted, navigate to AWS CloudFormation https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacksets[StackSet^], and search for the New Relic stack set to confirm it was removed.

=== Uninstall the New Relic integration

After you confirm that the AWS CloudFormation stack was removed, remove all enrolled accounts from New Relic.

. https://one.newrelic.com[Log in^] to your New Relic account.
. To uninstall the AWS integration from New Relic, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/update-or-uninstall/uninstall-infrastructure-integrations/#uninstall-aws[Uninstall infrastructure integrations^].

== Best practices for using {partner-product-short-name} on AWS

For a list of best practices for {partner-product-short-name}, see the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability/infrastructure-monitoring-best-practices-guide/[Infrastructure monitoring best practices guide^].

For more information, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/[Best practices guides^].

== Security

To enhance your security, see New Relic's https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts/saml-single-sign/saml-service-providers/[Intro to authentication (SAML SSO) for users on original user model^]. Modify the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/configuration/high-security-mode/[high-security mode^] settings, and review the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/insights/event-data-sources/default-events/query-account-audit-logs-nrauditevent/[account audit logs (NrAuditEvent)^]. For more information, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/security/[Security and privacy^].

Commit message:

Control-Tower Changes - Migrating from AWS API polling integrations to Metrics Streaming

docs/partner_editable/additional_info.adoc, after:

== Test the deployment

When you enroll a new AWS Control Tower–managed account, the deployment sets up the IAM role and Metrics Streaming Resources for {partner-product-short-name}. You can then see the new account show up in the New Relic UI.

. https://one.newrelic.com[Log in^] to your New Relic account.
. To view your AWS data, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/#insights[Introduction to AWS integrations^].

== Cleanup
If you want to deploy this Quick Start for testing or demonstration purposes, and you don’t intend to use New Relic AWS integrations any longer, follow these steps to remove the AWS CloudFormation stack.

WARNING: Deleting the {partner-product-short-name} Quick Start stack and StackSets also deletes the New Relic IAM roles deployed in your AWS accounts, which removes cross-account trust with New Relic. This Quick Start does not, however, remove account links to New Relic. To remove an account from New Relic, see the subsequent section *Uninstall the new Relic integration*. 

=== Remove the AWS CloudFormation stack

The time to complete this step depends on how many AWS accounts are included in your {partner-product-name} deployment. If deleting the AWS CloudFormation stack times out, it's safe to retry this step.

. Sign in to the https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home[AWS CloudFormation console^] in your Control Tower management account.
. To remove all of the deployed AWS resources, delete the {partner-product-name} stack. This also deletes all stack set instances, which include any IAM roles and Metrics Streaming Resources deployed for enrolled AWS accounts. 
. When the stack is deleted, navigate to AWS CloudFormation https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacksets[StackSet^], and search for the New Relic stack set to confirm it was removed.

=== Uninstall the New Relic integration

After you confirm that the AWS CloudFormation stack was removed, remove all enrolled accounts from New Relic.

. https://one.newrelic.com[Log in^] to your New Relic account.
. To uninstall the AWS integration from New Relic, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/update-or-uninstall/uninstall-infrastructure-integrations/#uninstall-aws[Uninstall infrastructure integrations^].

== Best practices for using {partner-product-short-name} on AWS

For a list of best practices for {partner-product-short-name}, see the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability/infrastructure-monitoring-best-practices-guide/[Infrastructure monitoring best practices guide^].

For more information, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/[Best practices guides^].

== Security

To enhance your security, see New Relic's https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts/saml-single-sign/saml-service-providers/[Intro to authentication (SAML SSO) for users on original user model^]. Modify the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/configuration/high-security-mode/[high-security mode^] settings, and review the https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/insights/event-data-sources/default-events/query-account-audit-logs-nrauditevent/[account audit logs (NrAuditEvent)^]. For more information, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/security/[Security and privacy^].
